Add individual nodes method (#3153)
tskit-dev/tskit: python/CHANGELOG.rst

--------------------
[0.6.4] - 2025-XX-XX
--------------------

**Features**

> - Add ``TreeSequence.individual_nodes`` method to return the nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add ``TreeSequence.individuals_nodes`` attribute to return the nodes
```
